live from Compton channel 3 JMC your
anchor women Christina here in Compton
trying to tell a story about what went
down at the grocery store lady was
trying to help the customer out you know
trying to help a girl out and she says
she had bad breath I don't hear when I
talk um don't interrupt road anyways she
went home with her teenage friends as
she made a video about her bad breath
nothing n cool so we don't take a look
in the studio and we don't show you the
video and the interview wicked uh I
think over here live in compton with
Missa ranga high and what seemed to
happen while she was working at a girl
when she asked the lady if she needed
help and it went be terribly wrong where
the lady started cyber bullying her and
set her send me videos here live with me
is Mossad anga ha hi miss Elaina ha I
mean Han yeah can you please tell me
what had happened will he help me was I
was that gross torn i got bullied what
was your what was your feelings when she
was doing this but what the hell okay
what did she say when you tried to
apologize to her like what what did you
say they're so creepy she told you that
no just creepy what is our society came
to it and I creepy oh my god is not
creepy okay thank you Miss uh nanga ha
whoa I feel goodbye miss aniah goodbye
goodbye I just got some news right now
that we cut the video live the gerbil to
see right now live to Christina
you said how may I help you and then I
smell poo I looked all around me even
check my shoes the burning at my eyes
and then I are you alive into your
breath I think you just thought is it
your breath I'll do it to just fuck is
it you're right optic to just fuck is it
I want to know is it go right up did you
just fart is it your buttock did you
just wow
I smelled something foul it must be your
bowels it's kind of demonic go you need
a colonic hahaha is it your breath oh
did you just fart is it your breath o DQ
just pops right now is it your breath oh
did you just fart is it your breath or
did you just saw is it your did you just
did you just is it your did you just I
want to know I want to know is it your
breath oh she just died everybody want
is it look where I'm stinky to pop how
may I help you your breath smells like
poo I looked all around me I even
checked my show is he here but fuck did
you just cost is it over and out love
you
oh hey we have a segment on a lady
bullied in the mortgage I'm here why
sure
alright do they reject me girls out girl
if you have us manly where you go buy
some text height digital she needs a
nice and take tech all right it started
its time gay Oh